{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Getting Started:\
\
Locations and Inventory\
\
When viewing the inventory page for the first time, there will be two sections with large plus signs in them.  The section on the left allows you to manage the location(s) of where you store your wine.  The section on the right keeps track of wines in your inventory and allows you to quickly add wines you have acquired.  \
\
Shelves and Recommendations\
\
Get recommendations for wines that you enjoyed by adding shelves and associating it with wines you have enjoyed before.  A shelf is a collection of related wines.  These shelves will contain wines similar to the wines you named for you to consider tasting.  \
\
Searching\
\
Wines that you wish to add to your inventory or use as part of a shelf can be added by typing the wine's name, winery, and/or vintage.  Other information on the wine will be found automatically.  You may also search your inventory for a particular wine you added using the inventory page's search bar.  \
\
Statistics and Attributes\
\
View the user profile for quick statistics such as the total amount of wines owned and one\'92s red wine to white wine ratio.  Aroma and taste qualities of wines can be seen when choosing to view more info on the wine.  \
\
\
\
}